I'm Alex, I lead developer
relations at Anthropic,
and today I'm gonna be
showing you a coding task
with computer use.
So we're gonna be showing Claude
doing a website coding task
by actually controlling my laptop.
But before we start coding,
we need an actual website for
Claude to make changes to.
So, let's ask Claude to
navigate to claude.ai
within my Chrome browser,
and ask Claude within claude.ai
to create a fun, 90s themed
personal homepage for itself.
Claude opens Chrome,
searches for claude.ai,
and then types in a prompt
asking the other Claude
to create a personal homepage for itself.
Claude.ai returns some code,
and that gets nicely rendered
in an Artifact on the right-hand side.
That looks great,
but I want to make a few
changes to the website locally
on my own computer.
Let's ask Claude to download the file
and then open it up in VS Code.
Claude clicks the save to file button,
opens up VS Code,
and then finds the file
within my Downloads folder
and opens it up.
Perfect.
Now that the file's up and running,
let's ask Claude to start up a server
so that we can actually view
the file within our browser.
Claude opens up the VS Code terminal
and tries to start a server.
But it hits an error,
we don't actually have Python
installed on our machine.
But that's all right,
because Claude realizes this
by looking at the terminal output,
and then tries again with Python 3,
which we do have installed on our machine.
That works, so now the
server's up and running.
Now that we have the local server started,
we can go manually take
a look at the website
within the browser,
and it looks pretty good,
but I notice that
there's actually an error
in the terminal output,
and we also have this missing
file icon at the top here.
Let's ask Claude to identify this error
and then fix it within the file.
Claude visually reads the terminal output
and opens up the find and
replace tool in VS Code
to find the line that's
throwing the actual error.
In this case,
we just ask Claude to get
rid of the error entirely,
so it will just delete the whole line.
Then, Claude will save the file
and automatically rerun the website.
So now that the error is gone,
let's go take a final look at our website,
and we can see that the
file icon has disappeared
and the error is gone as well.
Perfect.
So that's coding with
computer use and Claude.
This took a few prompts now,
but we can imagine in the future
that Claude will be able to
do tasks like this end to end.